W 10864152 mq update Tutorial and Queues screenshots hn (#101)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mq-msg-browser-details.adoc

// MQ Message Browser Details Table
// tag::mqMsgBrowserDetails[]
[cols="5a,10a,50a"]
|===
| (*1*) || Selected message
| (*2*) || Message payload in the details pane

> | (*3*) |*Return Messages* icon | Return all messages to the queue (for example, to enable other applications to read the messages).

Reviewer: I think that, as with any list of items, if one item/column entry requires a period, then we should end all peer list items/entries with periods:
Selected message.
Message payload in the details pane.
Return all messages...messages).

Also, should "return" ^ be "returns"?

Reviewer: ^^^GLOBAL: is an actor performing the action (return) or is this just what the UI control does (returns)?

Returning messages to the queue is a not-acknowledgment operation (NACK). The messages aren't altered. However, the TTL value you set when you created the queue determines how long the message is available before Anypoint MQ deletes it.

> If you switch from the *Message Browser* page, messages automatically return to the queue.

Reviewer: Pickyism (you know me...): when I read "switch," I expect to know what/where is being switched for what/where...which is not revealed here. So maybe...:
```suggestion
If you leave the *Message Browser* page, messages automatically return to the queue.
```
And maybe add something after "page," such as "...page before <this happens>, messages automatically...."
